# Restaurant-Manager2
| Week | Concept | Feature | Goal | Acceptance Criteria | Test plan |
| --- | --- | --- | --- | --- | --- |
| 11 | Separation of Concerns / Dependency Injection | Add ICustomerService and IReservationService to separate operations from controller and _NotificationsPartial to display user notifications | Separating services from the controller through decoupling while maintaining its logic and adding confirmation messages | Services have maintained operations, constructor implemented, and messages implemented | Call methods to verify functionality and used by controllers correctly |
## Week 11 Write-up
Evidence the feature is complete will be when the service classes have successfully been decoupled from the controllers. The functons in the service classes are completed if they properly display the correct logs while making the correct changes from controller actions. My plan is to use these services to create methods that will implement operations while also logging messages in my controller actions. For example, creating a method that adds a customer and displays a log that confirms a customer has been added. This will separate components between action and implementation by injecing the methods of logic from the service class into the controller and will decrease dependancies from each other through loose coupling. I will also create notification messages to confirm the user that changes have been made successfully. I will probably use the service classes to implement these messsages as well but I'm not sure, but for now, I've so far was able to successfully display a message after each student creation. I found a way to use notifications through a javascript library called toastr which uses jQuery to display these messages. I also used the toastr logic in a partial view so I'll just have to add TempData into each action.
